to try and make Hungarian Goulash the
reason I'm making this is because is one
reason is because all my have school
project and I need to make food my
country that I chose a reason I chose
hungry is because that's where my
ancestors are from so I decided that I
work at my own country so let's get
started use two or three cloves of
garlic we like Japanese a little more
because my family we like to have as you
see there's the candle right here and
its customers should be onions in this
process and as you know that it gets
your eyes water and Kendall drains the
era you don't want to chop an onion into
small pieces first my eyes are watering
cuz I got a Kindle now that i have a
little over a pound of beef my onion
squared up in my op garlic out of with
my olive oil right here I'm ready to
start the first part very what are these
two tablespoons of olive oil into the
pot
then the onions so I'll day the onions
until they're brown that buy onions
Hatcher and brown i'm going to add
Hungarian paprika 1 tablespoon i'm going
to start constantly so doesn't burn I'm
going to add the meat stir and stir the
meat until it is fully coated what is
the paprika and now that the meat has
been simmering in its own juices I'm
going to add the garlic fun baby bill
this song pepper should add enough water
to cover what's in the pit
now we're going to let it simmer for
about an hour and a half while the meat
is sizzling I'm going to peel and dice
three potatoes 1 parsnip and a handful
okay
teaspoon of celery seed
chopped up potatoes karajan the
porcelain we are ready to stir it up one
more water into cover now we're going to
go ahead and simmer until the vegetables
are tender now we're going to slice the
green and red pepper when all your other
vegetables are almost done add your
pepper I can add 1 tablespoon of tomato
base
mix it in they cook until the seconds up
and you're done you're going to love it
is delicious